# Prediction Markets

A module for creating, reporting, and disputing prediction markets.

## Overview

Prediction markets are speculative markets that trade on future outcomes. While a prediction
market is active, traders can permissionlessly trade on outcome assets. Complete set of outcome
assets can be generated by exchanging base currency (ZTG) at a 1:1 exchange rate, meaning that
1 ZTG is used to generate 1 of each outcome asset of the market. A complete set of outcome
assets (an equal amount of each outcome asset for a market), can be used to do the reverse
exchange, being used to exchange 1:1 back to ZTG.

This pallet implements a two types of prediction markets:

- **Categorical market** - A market that can trade up to 8 different categories of outcomes. In
  the most simple case, when the outcomes are binary options (i.e. "YES" or "NO") the market
  has only two categories.
- **Scalar markets** - A market that trades `Long` or `Short` positions on a range of outcomes.

## Interface

### Dispatches

#### Public Dispatches

- `buy_complete_set` - Buys a complete set of outcome assets for a market.
- `create_categorical_market` - Creates a new categorical market.
- `create_cpmm_market_and_deploy_assets` - Creates a market using CPMM scoring rule, buys a
  complete set of the assets used and deploys the funds.
- `deploy_swap_pool_for_market` - Deploys a single "canonical" pool for a market.
- `deploy_swap_pool_and_additional_liquidity` - Deploys a single "canonical" pool for a market,
  buys a complete set of the assets used and deploys the funds as specified.
- `dispute` - Submits a disputed outcome for a market.
- `redeem_shares` - Redeems the winning shares for a market.
- `report` - Reports an outcome for a market.
- `sell_complete_set` - Sells a complete set of outcome assets for a market.

#### Admin Dispatches

The administrative dispatches are used to perform admin functions on chain:

- `admin_destroy_market` - Destroys a market and all related assets, regardless of its state.
  Can only be called by the `DestroyOrigin`.
- `admin_move_market_to_closed` - Immediately moves a market that is an `Active` state to
  closed. Can only be called by `CloseOrigin`.
- `admin_move_market_to_resolved` - Immediately moves a market that is `Reported` or `Disputed`
  to resolved. Can only be called by `ResolveOrigin`.

The origins from which the admin functions are called (`CloseOrigin`, `DestroyOrigin`,
`ResolveOrigin`) are mainly minimum vote proportions from the advisory committee, the on-chain
governing body of Zeitgeist that is responsible for maintaining a list of high quality markets
and slash low quality markets.

#### `ApproveOrigin` and `RejectOrigin` Dispatches

Users can also propose markets, which are subject to approval or rejection by the Advisory
Committee. The `ApproveOrigin` calls the following dispatches:

- `approve_market` - Approves a `Proposed` market that is waiting approval from the Advisory
  Committee.

The `RejectOrigin` calls the following dispatches:

- `reject_market` -  Rejects a `Proposed` market that is waiting approval from the Advisory
  Committee.
